Java is an object oriented Programming language
we will build applications using Java

What is application?
It is set of Programs.

what is program?
it is set of methods

What is method?
it is set of commands/statements/instructions to perform a particular task.

Keywords :-
-----------
Every programming language provides set of keywords without keywords we can not write source code of the program.
Keywords are vocabulary of programming language 
In Java there are upto 60 keywords. Few keywords are as follows
public ,private,protected,class,interface,static,abstract,final,synchronized,import,extends,implements,package,native,byte,short,int,long,float,double,boolean,char,for,while,do,return,break,if,else,switch,case,try,catch,finally,throw,throws,assert,null,new,this,super,true,false,instanceof,void etc.

All Keywrods will be lowercase 
as we khow programming langauge is case sensitive

Naming Rule :-
--------------
We will have to follow following rules inorder to specify a valid name

1) Name must begin with an alphabets or $ or _
2) Except $ and _ other sysmbols are not allowed in name
3) Space is not allowed in name
4) Keywords can be not taken as name 

Naming Conventions :-
----------------------
It increase readability of code
1) Name should be meaningful.
2) Class name should be TitleCase.
3) Method,variable and argument name should be in camelCase.
4) Package name should be in lowercase
5) constant name should  be in UPPERCASE


Implementation of Method
-----------------------------
Implementation of method has executable commands. This is also called body of Method
Running program means running/executing these commands
commands can be follows
1) command to create variable
2) command to assign value to variable
3) command to perform arithmetic operation
4) command to perform comparsion operation
5) command to perform logical operation
6) command to apply condition
7) command to create/define loop
8) command to call method
9) command to return value
10) command to create object
11) command to create array
etc.